Edu 10618 feedback 3249 improvement (#135)
vtex-apps/category-menu: docs/README.md

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

> The Category Menu app is a store component that shows the store’s department list on a custom menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Category Menu is a store component that displays a list of departments in a configurable menu layout. It helps organize and present categories and subcategories to improve navigation.
```
